welcome to the man of recaps this is
West world season 3 episode 2 in the
post-credits scene of last episode they
tease that Maeve is alive and well in
World War 2 world we jump right into her
storyline she's some sort of British spy
and who's this walking in its heck door
no longer the sexy Western bandit he's
now the sexy Italian resistance fighter
he's got some sort of map to escape so
he and Maeve are sneaking their way out
of there they fight their way through
some Nazis have a sweet old style sports
car I was skeptical why anyone would
want to hang out in war world but I mean
this is pretty exciting he's got a plane
for them to fly on out of here but oh
his crews dead they were caught just
then he calls me Isabella and it's like
oh dude your memories wiped this is just
your new role so at the climax of his
story arc maids like yeah I mean give
him the papers it doesn't matter none of
this is real maybe knows if she want
some answers she's got to get back to
the control center so she shoots herself
to mate wakes up and luckily it's her
friend Felix repairing her she grabs his
hand to show she's awake but he like
reacts weirdly and just sort of walks
away she runs into are their tech
friends Sylvester but he actually called
security on her what security chases are
down but least Sizemore comes in to stop
oh yeah we thought he died in a hail of
gunfire last season sacrificing himself
so maybe could escape apparently he
survived though he's okay just walking
with a cane now he's like hey maybe good
to see you sorry I put you in World War
2 but that's the closest Park to the
forge he's gonna help her get there and
hopefully she'll be able to go into the
virtual paradise world where her
daughter is
meanwhile Bernard is on a boat head into
West world yeah it was hinted throughout
the series it's on an island off the
coast of China and now we get to see it
oh there it is
this isn't exactly the front door most
guests would fly in on their private
jets I imagine so Bernard is able to
sneak in the back way Bernard goes to
Ford's secret off-the-record house and
who does he find there security director
Ashley Stubbs he's apparently killed
himself I guess the park fallen apart
was too much for him but wait what's
this he's alive oh my god he is a robot
yeah this was hinted at at the end of
last season so people that believe that
theory you were right he was programmed
by dr. Ford to protect the hosts in the
park to help Bernard and Dolores escape
and after the big robot uprising just
kill himself Bernards like hey we'll
hold off on killing yourself for now I
still need your help his main goal is to
stop Dolores from killing or enslaving
all of humanity Bernard is a good
peaceful guy that's not the future he
wants for robot kind
come back to the park to find Maeve
who's the only person who might have a
chance against Delores the next day
Maeve wakes up in her loop escapes with
Hector but she's like hey I'm not
getting on the plane I've got my own
escape plan come with me my love but he
doesn't remember her he's gotta follow
his new programming so she meets up with
Lea Sizemore and they head to the forge
names like alright so how do I open this
thing up and get into the virtual world
and Lea Sizemore it's like wait didn't
you do it before yeah Maeve completely
missed Delores and Bernard storyline
last season she was upstairs dealing
with her own problems
Maeve realizes it must have been Dolores
and the virtual host world isn't here
anymore remember she beamed it off into
the cloud besides mars-like yeah what
did the coordinates where'd she be mum
to and maims like I don't know he's like
it's okay maybe you could trust me
you've made me a better man because I
love you and he smooches her this feels
weird and out of character for Lea
Sizemore and Maeve notices it too you
didn't make it up yeah the real Lea
Sizemore did die in season 2 this is a
hosts copy to trick Maeve into giving
them the coordinates or something Stubbs
takes Bernard to the cold storage area
where Maeve supposedly is but no we know
she's over in war world right no mames
body is actually here but her mind has
been removed and as lee Sizemore's head
explodes processing that he's a robot
everything in the world gets weird yeah
not only as Lisa has more fake this
whole world is fake Maeve's in a virtual
simulation some a goes to Lee's office
scribes a tablet to start hacking the
system she calls in a couple random
interns and poses them a very difficult
math problem what's the square root of
negative 1 apparently this is a
mathematical paradox it's above my head
but you remember imaginary numbers right
and so while these background characters
are using way more processing power than
they were intended to the rules of
reality start to break names like yeah
darling my plans gonna work we gonna
crash the system in the real world
Bernard and Stubbs go to the control
center they're hanging around the
medieval world section yeah I always
said that would be the coolest Park a
sweet fantasy one complete with dragons
yeah you recognise that dragon it is
drogon from Game of Thrones this is an
intentional Game of Thrones Easter egg
in fact the two texts talking about it
are dnt the Game of Thrones show runners
they search for Maeve to see where she
really is but there's no record of her
someone else sneaked her out of here
they suspect it might have been Dolores
and at the end of season two we saw she
did leave with a bunch of host brains so
any characters could be coming back
anywhere while he's here Bernard wants
to run a self-diagnostic from a clean
system remembered
Oris is the one that rebuilt him and he
wants to make sure that she didn't give
herself administrator access while he's
scanning some security shows up and
remember Bernard is a very wanted man
right now
so Ashley Stubbs has to kick some ass he
doesn't want to kill these guys so he
throws away his gun and grabs on axe
yeah goes full medieval on these guys
chases them away but hard was able to
unlock some of his memories specifically
something about where exactly Delores
set the virtual hosts that's the second
time that's come up this episode it's
gonna be important somehow also Bernard
remembers that Delores was focused on
certain humans specifically Liam Dempsey
the guy we know at insight who shoes
fake dating so Bernards heading off the
island Stubbs is like well guess I'll
just kill myself now but for now it's
like hey hold on there buddy let me
reprogram you I could use your help so
his new core directive is body guard
Bernard and these two could have an
awesome bro adventure the next day and
virtual war world Maeve marches right
into the center square and is like
here's the resistance fighter who stole
the map but also this soldier is a
traitor he's got the map too and this
other one and this other one and even
yourself you actually planted the map
prop in everyone's pocket so no one has
any idea what to do so all this is using
way more processing power than it's
designed for she crashes the system with
the system frozen she's able to access
the outside mainframe and see into the
real world she finds her processing unit
here at some mystery facility so she
hacks a maintenance drone and programs
it to bust her out of there yeah robot
fighting awesome escape scene but in the
end there's too much security they take
it down Maeve wakes up in a fancy dress
this seems to be the real world if
you're ever confused look at the aspect
ratio they always set the real world
taking up the full screen and virtual
worlds are letterboxed Maeve is in a
very nice mansion and her host is an old
French guy Ciroc his name was mentioned
at the end of last episode we know he is
the mysterious partner of them C's dad
the one person who currently controls
the mega AI running the world Rehoboam
he talks about how all of human history
so far has been chaos and he built our
home to bring order to the world and
craft a brighter future for Humanity but
now humanity's threatened by Dolores he
wants Maeve to help him fight her memes
like thanks for the body darling but I
have no interest in your fight she goes
to stab him but oh he freezes her yeah
her mind made me fully conscious these
days but he's finally gotten her into a
body that he can control he's like hey
we'll talk again later I'm excited to
convince you that were on the same side
and that's how episode 2 comes to an end
hit that subscribe button for more of
the fest recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion